content/github/managing-your-work-on-github/assigning-issues-and-pull-requests-to-other-github-users.md, before:

---
title: Assigning issues and pull requests to other GitHub users
intro: Assignees clarify who is working on specific issues and pull requests.
redirect_from:
  - /articles/assigning-issues-and-pull-requests-to-other-github-users
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
  enterprise-server: '*'
  github-ae: '*'
---

Anyone with write permissions to a repository can assign issues and pull requests.

You can assign up to 10 people to each issue or pull request, including yourself, anyone who has commented on the issue or pull request, anyone with write permissions to the repository, and organization members with read permissions to the repository. For more information, see "[Access permissions on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/access-permissions-on-github)."

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-issue-pr %}
3. Select the checkbox next to the items you want to assign to someone.
  ![Issues metadata checkbox](/assets/images/help/issues/issues_assign_checkbox.png)
4. In the upper-right corner, click **Assignee**.
5. To assign the items to a user, start typing their username, then click their name when it appears. You can select and add up to ten assignees to an issue or pull request.
  ![Issues assignment drop-down](/assets/images/help/issues/issues_assigning_dropdown.png)

### Further reading

* "[Filtering issues and pull requests by assignees](/articles/filtering-issues-and-pull-requests-by-assignees)"

Commit message:

Change procedure to use the sidebar for assigning issues/PRs

content/github/managing-your-work-on-github/assigning-issues-and-pull-requests-to-other-github-users.md, after:

---
title: Assigning issues and pull requests to other GitHub users
intro: Assignees clarify who is working on specific issues and pull requests.
redirect_from:
  - /articles/assigning-issues-and-pull-requests-to-other-github-users
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
  enterprise-server: '*'
  github-ae: '*'
---

Anyone with write permissions to a repository can assign issues and pull requests.

You can assign up to 10 people to each issue or pull request, including yourself, anyone who has commented on the issue or pull request, anyone with write permissions to the repository, and organization members with read permissions to the repository. For more information, see "[Access permissions on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/access-permissions-on-github)."

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-issue-pr %}
3. Select the issue or pull request that you want to assign to someone.
4. In the right side menu, click **Assignees**.
   ![The Assignees menu item](/assets/images/help/issues/assignee_menu.png)
5. To assign the issue or pull request to a user, start typing their username, then click their name when it appears. You can select and add up to ten assignees to an issue or pull request.
  ![Issues assignment drop-down](/assets/images/help/issues/issues_assigning_dropdown.png)
6. If no one is assigned to an issue or pull request, click **assign yourself** to assign yourself.
  ![The assign yourself item](/assets/images/help/issues/assign_yourself.png)

### Further reading

* "[Filtering issues and pull requests by assignees](/articles/filtering-issues-and-pull-requests-by-assignees)"
